We are not going to implement some aspects of the social tab for the dummy demo app, the things
we will be making me a hardcoded version of how the app would look in a production environment.

We will be reusing certain elements that we have already made for the map tab.

First of all we will want to make 3 individual screens that will go in the screens directory as so
we can spread out the code for the social tab into 3 one main and 3 sub screens.

Details of the attend sub tab:
 - This attned sub tab is meant for a the user to see which dinner party they are currently
 locked in to attend
 - We will just reuse all of the information from the current profile modal that we have already, except we will
 need to make some changes, so maybe will will make a new modal called attend modal where it will
 as i said since this is a dummy app reuse all of the information from the current profile modal
 but at the top it will say, your going!, Message Ian, 2066931552 to get it going. and the phone
 number will look like it can be touched. 
 - They below that text at the top will just be a scrollable display of the profiles information, where 
 when you scroll to the bottom of the tab there will be a red button that says, "Cancel on them"

 Now moving onto the group sub tab:
  - This tab will have some text that says, "Create or join a group to get started", where Then
  below this there will be two buttons, one that says create a group which is already there, and one 
  that says Join with a Code.
  - When the user presses join with a code a modak modal will pop up over the screen with a 
  nice look place where the user can enter 6 digits, then hit okay, or they can hit a right arrow
  on the top right to go out of this join code modal. 
  - If the create a group button is pressed, the user screen will change to say "Get a least 3 members
  to start making your group's profile" with then we will say "Your code" and it will be a dummy code.
  - there will then be a cancel button on the bottom of the screen that will take the user back to the 
  screen where they can choose to hit the button to create a group or join with a code.

  Now moving onto the host tab, this is where the user would see a list of groups that have
  requested to come the their dinner party, and they can choose to accept or reject the request.
  - the way we will implement this for out dummy demo app is there will be text at the top that says, 
    Accept one group to come to your Dinner party", where then below this there will be a nice horizontal scrollabe list
    of rectangles that are defined as follows:
    - These boxes will act as the way the user can pull up group profiles of the groups that
    have sent a request to attend. For all of the information that will will be using for these boxes and
    profiles it will be the same information that we have already used for the current profile modal display (profile pictures and videos)
    - When looking at the boxes before clicking on them - they will from the left side each have 3 profile pictures on each box
    and then on the right side of the box will a right facing arrow. when the user taps on one of these boxes it will
    bring up a modal just like the group-profile-modal that we have already made.  just it will not have the
    informatino of a time, date, menu, as it is the profile of a group trying to apply to attend a dinner party.
    This will obvsouly be a scrollable modal as we are going to be displaying the videos, but at the bottom will be 
    a fixed, Hide button with and then a green Accept! button. where when you press it there is a system alert that says,
    you are can only accept one group to attend, are you sure? - where the answers will be cancel or accept.

    - That defines all of the functionality for the socal tab and sub tabs for the dummy demo app. 


